To install:

1. If not already installed, install the lsqfit and gvar modules system.
	The lsqfit and corrfitter codes work for Python 2.7 and 3.4 (and later).
	Also install scipy in Python if you want to use the
	corrfitter.EigenBasis class.

2. Use 'make install' to copy the relevant files into your Python. The
	files are installed in a standard directory (that Python knows about) in
	the user's space. A list of the installed files is stored in the file
	files-corrfitter.python.

	Alternatively 'make install-sys' will install the files in the
	appropriate system-level python directory, instead of a user directory.
	This requires superuser permission usually.

	Note: Distutils commands like 'python setup.py install --user' can be
	used instead of 'make install'. This may be useful for non-unix systems
	where 'make' is  unavailable.

	Note: To install corrfitter for an alternative version of python, say
	python3 for example, use 'make PYTHON=python3 install'. Python's standard
	directories are structured in such a way that it is necessary to do a
	separate installation for each python version that will use corrfitter.

3. (Optional) Use 'make tests' to run a series of unittests that verify
   that the major components of corrfitter are working. The tests have been
   successful if the output ends with "OK". (To test an installation
   for a different version of Python, say python3, use 'make PYTHON=python3
	tests'.) If 'make' is unavailable (non-unix systems),
	'python -m unittest discover' can be used to run the tests from
	inside the tests/ directory.

4. (Optional) Look at the examples of corrfitter use in the examples/
   directory; run them all using 'make run-examples'.

5. (Optional) Use 'make clean' to erase work files and directories.

6. (Optional) Install matplotlib (http://matplotlib.sourceforge.net/) in
	order to use CorrFitter.show_plots() for plots of the fits.


To uninstall:

1. 'make uninstall' (probably) uninstalls most of what was installed. Use
   'make PYTHON=python3 uninstall' to uninstall an installation for a
   different version of Python (python3, in this example).


Problems:

	Contact Peter Lepage: g.p.lepage@cornell.edu


Created by G. Peter Lepage (Cornell University) on 2008-02-12.
Copyright (c) 2008--2014 G. Peter Lepage.
All rights reserved.
